Reordered the instruction to avoid ignored files (#6)
singularityhub/singularityhub-docs: _docs/getting-started/recipes.md

# Building your Container

> To begin with, I would log in to Singularity Hub with my Github account and [add the repository](https://singularity-hub.org/collections/new), the repository in which I will put my files and data. A collection of builds, a Container Collection, is associated with a single repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in to Singularity Hub with your GitHub account, you can [create a new collection](https://singularity-hub.org/collections/new), which means making a connection to some GitHub repository where you've put your files and data. This collection of builds, a Container Collection, is associated with a single repository. 
```

> Let's say that I create then a recipe in this repository. I would add the file, and push to Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say that I create a recipe in this repository. I would add the file, and push to GitHub.
```

```bash
git add Singularity  
git commit -a -m "Adding Singularity file."  
git push origin master  
```

> Since I am in Automated Build mode(by default), the push will triger builds in Singularity Hub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since I am in Automated Build mode (the default), the push alone will trigger a build for my collection in Singularity Hub. 
```

> Please note that in the Automated Build mode, Singularity Hub will only consider file changes from the push after the connection being established. That is, if one Singularity file is created before the connection, it would not be considered by Singularity Hub, unless you modified it in the following push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that in the Automated Build mode, Singularity Hub will only consider file changes from the push after the connection has been established. That is, if one Singularity file is created before the connection, it would not be seen by Singularity Hub unless you modified it in the following push. Also note that recipes are discovered by way of the Singularity.* prefix, so make sure that you name your files accordingly. The suffix (after `Singularity.`) is used for the container tag.
```
